# CODE OF CONDUCT

The point of any project is to achieve a goal.  The project's goal is set by a
single voice among the group.  That voice is the leader.  That leader provides
a singular vision of the project and guides those working toward that vision
in generally the right direction.

The primary task of all others working on the project is to move the project
closer to the leader's vision by working toward the leader's goals, helping
others work toward the leader's goals, and helping the leader to refine both
the project's vision and the goals set to move the project toward that vision.

As such, questions, discussion, and constructive criticism are strongly
encouraged.  Without questions, no one new can ever get up to speed to assist
the project.  Without discussion, the knowledge and resources of other members
of the project aren't engaged to assist in planning and development.  Without
constructive criticism, a lot of work is either duplicated or effort is
expended toward non-goals or toward progress down sub-optimal paths.

The corrolary is that dismissive comments, dissent against discussion, and
unconstructive criticism are all strongly discouraged.  Someone who feels their
thoughts are being dismissed without due consideration will be much less likely
to continue to share their thoughts and thus they will be less engaged in
helping the project.  Likewise, stopping discussion may mean we would miss out
on intellectual tidbits of wisdom that could help the project and those who
hold those bits of wisdom may come to question the openness of the project.
Lastly, unconstructive criticism is, by it's very nature, destructive.  Tearing
down a person, their work, or some aspect of the project just hurts the project
and everyone who might otherwise benefit from it.

All of this boils down to one simple rule that was stated best many years ago:

*"Be excellent to each other!"*-**Bill S. Preston, Esq.**
